slides/src/07-outro.md, before:

---
Layout: module
# Summary
---

Trail: Summary

## 0. **Embrace**: Getting Unstuck **Is The Job**

## 1. **Explain**: Challenge Assumptions

<!-- .element: class="fragment" -->

## 2. **Isolate**: Break Problems Down

<!-- .element: class="fragment" -->

## 3. **Escape**: Set It Aside

<!-- .element: class="fragment" -->

## 4. **Harden**: Condition Yourself

<!-- .element: class="fragment" -->

Notes:

...

it is very possible that you've used every one of these strategies

Even so, it can be helpful to think about them the next time you're stuck.

---

Footer: false

<!-- .slide: data-background="/images/drawings/purrito.png" class="title" -->

# Thank you!

## Steven Hicks

<svg class="icon">
  <use xlink:href="#si-zocial-twitter" />
</svg>@pepopowitz

<svg class="icon">
  <use xlink:href="#si-zocial-email" />
</svg>steven.j.hicks@gmail.com

<svg class="icon">
  <use xlink:href="#si-zocial-cloudapp" />
</svg>stevenhicks.me/getting-unstuck

---

Trail: Resources

- https://medium.com/@williardx/to-start-meditating-stop-trying-to-empty-your-mind-fe67a7ed113b
- https://www.amazon.com/Creativity-Flow-Psychology-Discovery-Invention/dp/0060928204/ref=sr_1_3?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1356490941&sr=1-3&keywords=csikszentmihalyi+flow
- https://traviswhitecommunications.com/2012/12/26/creativity-in-five-steps/
- http://groups.psych.northwestern.edu/gentner/papers/Gentner02a.pdf
- https://www.blinkist.com/books/creativity-en?r=1&st=mihaly
- Protege effect: https://effectiviology.com/protege-effect-learn-by-teaching/
- Protege effect: http://psycnet.apa.org/doiLanding?doi=10.1037%2Fedu0000071
- Protege effect: https://link.springer.com/article/10.3758/s13421-014-0416-z
- Relax: http://mentalfloss.com/article/52586/why-do-our-best-ideas-come-us-shower
- Exercise: https://www.newyorker.com/tech/annals-of-technology/walking-helps-us-think
- Analogical problem solving: http://cognitivepsychology.wikidot.com/problem-solving:analogy

Commit message:

wrap up 30 minute edition for forwardjs

slides/src/07-outro.md, after:

---
Layout: module
# Summary
---

Trail: Summary

## 0. **Embrace**: Getting Unstuck **Is The Job**

## 1. **Explain**: Challenge Assumptions

<!-- .element: class="fragment" -->

## 2. **Isolate**: Break Problems Down

<!-- .element: class="fragment" -->

## 3. **Escape**: Set It Aside

<!-- .element: class="fragment" -->

## 4. **Harden**: Condition Yourself

<!-- .element: class="fragment" -->

Notes:

...

4 - harden yourself for the next time.

Because you _are_ going to get stuck again.

and that's okay.

---

Footer: false

<!-- .slide: data-background="/images/drawings/purrito.png" class="title" -->

# Thank you!

## Steven Hicks

<svg class="icon">
  <use xlink:href="#si-zocial-twitter" />
</svg>@pepopowitz

<svg class="icon">
  <use xlink:href="#si-zocial-email" />
</svg>steven.j.hicks@gmail.com

<svg class="icon">
  <use xlink:href="#si-zocial-cloudapp" />
</svg>stevenhicks.me/unstuck-forwardjs

---

Layout: resources

Trail: Resources

- https://medium.com/@williardx/to-start-meditating-stop-trying-to-empty-your-mind-fe67a7ed113b
- https://www.amazon.com/Creativity-Flow-Psychology-Discovery-Invention/dp/0060928204/ref=sr_1_3?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1356490941&sr=1-3&keywords=csikszentmihalyi+flow
- https://traviswhitecommunications.com/2012/12/26/creativity-in-five-steps/
- http://groups.psych.northwestern.edu/gentner/papers/Gentner02a.pdf
- https://www.blinkist.com/books/creativity-en?r=1&st=mihaly
- Protege effect: https://effectiviology.com/protege-effect-learn-by-teaching/
- Protege effect: http://psycnet.apa.org/doiLanding?doi=10.1037%2Fedu0000071
- Protege effect: https://link.springer.com/article/10.3758/s13421-014-0416-z
- Relax: http://mentalfloss.com/article/52586/why-do-our-best-ideas-come-us-shower
- Exercise: https://www.newyorker.com/tech/annals-of-technology/walking-helps-us-think
- Analogical problem solving: http://cognitivepsychology.wikidot.com/problem-solving:analogy
